src/content/hello-world.md, before:

---
title: Hello world
titleSize: 60
slug: hello-world-2024-04-29
date: 04/29/2024
coverImage: /img/hello-world.jpg
coverCredit: 'Photo by <a target="_blank" href="https://pixabay.com/fr/users/pexels-2286921/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=1867285">Pexels</a> on <a target="_blank" href="https://pixabay.com/fr//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=1867285">Pixabay</a>'
---

Bonjour à tous et bienvenue sur mon blog ! Je suis ravi de vous accueillir pour mon tout premier article intitulé "**Hello World**". Pourquoi ce titre ? Parce que, tout comme le célèbre programme du même nom est le point de départ pour de nombreux développeurs, ce blog marque le début d'une nouvelle aventure pour moi dans le monde du développement fullstack.

En tant que développeur fullstack spécialisé dans **Java** et **Angular**, je suis passionné par la création d'applications web innovantes et fonctionnelles. Au fil des années, j'ai acquis une solide expérience dans ces technologies et j'ai hâte de partager mes connaissances, mes découvertes et mes réflexions avec vous à travers ce blog.

Dans les articles à venir, nous explorerons ensemble une multitude de sujets passionnants, allant des bonnes pratiques de développement et des techniques avancées, aux tutoriels pas à pas pour créer des applications web robustes et élégantes. Je partagerai également mes **expériences personnelles**, mes réussites et mes défis en tant que développeur fullstack.

Que vous soyez un débutant cherchant à en apprendre davantage sur le développement web, un professionnel expérimenté à la recherche de nouvelles idées, ou simplement un passionné de technologie, ce blog est fait pour vous. Je vous invite à vous joindre à moi dans cette aventure et à découvrir ensemble tout ce que le monde du développement fullstack a à offrir.

Alors, préparez-vous à plonger dans l'univers fascinant du développement fullstack avec moi. Que cette première publication soit le début d'une longue série d'échanges enrichissants et de découvertes passionnantes. Restez connectés pour plus de contenu à venir et n'oubliez pas de dire "**Hello World**" à cette nouvelle aventure !

Commit message:

wip seo (#70)
* wip seo

* WIP seo and fix send mail feat

* Blog/serialization in java (#72)

* wip add new blog

* wip add new blog

* review style and add new article

* use 3Go to build with v8

* wip seo

* WIP seo and fix send mail feat

* update about page

* display logs

* show env var

src/content/hello-world.md, after:

---
title: Hello world
titleSize: 60
slug: hello-world-2024-04-29
date: 04/29/2024
coverImage: /img/hello-world.jpg
coverCredit: 'Photo by <a target="_blank" href="https://pixabay.com/fr/users/pexels-2286921/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=1867285">Pexels</a> on <a target="_blank" href="https://pixabay.com/fr//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=1867285">Pixabay</a>'
description: Hello everyone! Welcome to my blog for my first article, "Hello World". I'm a passionate full-stack developer specializing in Java and Angular. Here, I'll share my discoveries, tips, and experiences. Stay tuned for more!
---

Hello everyone, and welcome to my blog! I'm thrilled to have you join me for my very first article titled "**Hello World**". Why this title? Just like the famous program of the same name serves as the starting point for many developers, this blog marks the beginning of a new adventure for me in the world of full-stack development.

As a full-stack developer specializing in **Java** and **Angular**, I'm passionate about creating innovative and functional web applications. Over the years, I've gained solid experience in these technologies, and I'm eager to share my knowledge, discoveries, and insights with you through this blog.

In the upcoming articles, we'll explore a multitude of exciting topics together, ranging from development best practices and advanced techniques to step-by-step tutorials for building robust and elegant web applications. I'll also share my **personal experiences**, successes, and challenges as a full-stack developer.

Whether you're a beginner looking to learn more about web development, an experienced professional seeking new ideas, or simply a technology enthusiast, this blog is for you. I invite you to join me on this journey and discover together all that the world of full-stack development has to offer.

So, get ready to dive into the fascinating universe of full-stack development with me. May this first publication be the beginning of a long series of enriching exchanges and exciting discoveries. Stay tuned for more content to come, and don't forget to say "**Hello World**" to this new adventure!
